and some homemade food here drop some on
the floor but uh basically it's a bunch
of vegetables and meat eggs I didn't put
any wholemeal in it I heard that people
felt meal and homemade fish food I did
not so you know the fish seem to be a
fine
so video here me feeding the fish
I'm just making a mess and then the
goldfish come behind and eat it
look at that not only get all that flowy
stuff that's good cuz my Jack Dempsey he
there I got to Jack Dempsey from here
the other guy he's right back behind
that rock
goldfish are enjoying themselves easeful
he's picking up little bits
that's probably enough
you might be the one for cute there
yep